chapter08/README.md, before:

This directory contains examples from chapter 08: Managing Scheduled Tasks with
Chronos.

### A simple "sleep" job
The file `simple-sleep.json` contains a single Chronos job that runs on a
schedule. It simple prints the date and time every 3 seconds, and stops after
10 iterations.

Deploy this job using the Chronos REST API:
```
$ curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @simple-jobs/simple-sleep.json \
http://<chronos-host>:4400/scheduler/iso8601
```

## A simple Docker job: e-mail yourself the latest weather report
The file `simple-docker.json` contains a single Chronos job that runs on a
schedule. It downloads the script from this GitHub repository and runs it inside
the [`python:3.4.3`][python-docker-image] Docker image.

To use, modify the following environment variables within `simple-docker.json`.

Required variables:
  * `TO_EMAIL_ADDR` - your e-mail address
  * `ZIP_CODE` - the USPS zip code you'd like the weather for

Optional variables:
  * `FROM_EMAIL_ADDR` - your service's e-mail address. If not specified,
  defaults to `weather@localhost`
  * `MAIL_SERVER` - the hostname and port of your mail server. Defaults to
  `localhost:25`.
  * `MAIL_USERNAME` - if authentication is required, the username to use when
  authenticating with your mail server. No default.
  * `MAIL_PASSWORD` - if authentication is required, the password to use when
  authenticating with your mail server. No default.

Deploy this job using the Chronos REST API:

```
$ curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @simple-jobs/simple-docker.json \
http://<chronos-host>:4400/scheduler/iso8601
```

[python-docker-image]: https://hub.docker.com/_/python

Commit message:

Add a complex Chronos example: ETL with Spark
This commit introduces a more complex Chronos example, where a single
parent job runs on a schedule, and two additional dependency-based jobs
only run if their parent was successful.

Synopsis:
This example reads in Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace" from Project
Gutenberg and saves it as a text file in HDFS. A Spark job then reads
the file from HDFS and counts the number of times each word appears in
the text. This dataset is then stored on HDFS for later consumption.
Finally, a third job runs `cat` against the `part-*` files in HDFS and
sorts them in reverse order, displaying the top 20 words in the book.

chapter08/README.md, after:

This directory contains examples from chapter 08: Managing Scheduled Tasks with
Chronos.

## Simple jobs
The "simple" Chronos examples are located in the `simple-jobs/` directory.

### A simple "sleep" job
The file `simple-sleep.json` contains a single Chronos job that runs on a
schedule. It simple prints the date and time every 3 seconds, and stops after
10 iterations.

Deploy this job using the Chronos REST API:
```
$ curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @simple-jobs/simple-sleep.json \
http://<chronos-host>:4400/scheduler/iso8601
```

### A simple Docker job: e-mail yourself the latest weather report
The file `simple-docker.json` contains a single Chronos job that runs on a
schedule. It downloads the script from this GitHub repository and runs it inside
the [`python:3.4.3`][python-docker-image] Docker image.

To use, modify the following environment variables within `simple-docker.json`.

Required variables:
  * `TO_EMAIL_ADDR` - your e-mail address
  * `ZIP_CODE` - the USPS zip code you'd like the weather for

Optional variables:
  * `FROM_EMAIL_ADDR` - your service's e-mail address. If not specified,
  defaults to `weather@localhost`
  * `MAIL_SERVER` - the hostname and port of your mail server. Defaults to
  `localhost:25`.
  * `MAIL_USERNAME` - if authentication is required, the username to use when
  authenticating with your mail server. No default.
  * `MAIL_PASSWORD` - if authentication is required, the password to use when
  authenticating with your mail server. No default.

Deploy this job using the Chronos REST API:

```
$ curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @simple-jobs/simple-docker.json \
http://<chronos-host>:4400/scheduler/iso8601
```

## Complex jobs
An example of a "complex" Chronos job -- that is, one or more schedule-based
jobs, followed by one or more dependency-based jobs -- is located in the
`complex-etl-job/` directory.

### War and Peace Word Count
The three jobs in the `complex-etl-job` directory make up a chain of Chronos
jobs that will download the text of "War and Peace" by Leo Tolstoy from
Project Gutenberg, run a Spark job to count the number of words, and then run
a final job to read the word counts in and display the top 20 words in the
Mesos web UI.

To create these jobs, run the following command:

```
$ complex-etl-job/create-jobs.sh <http://chronos-host:4400>
```

For more information on how this works, see the README file located in
the `wordcount-example/` directory.

[python-docker-image]: https://hub.docker.com/_/python
